Satono Diamond Wins!
Victory at the Hanshin Daishouten
Looking flawless heading into
the Spring Tennoushou!
Growing more and more polished, with her
sights set on the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe!
Kitasan Black dominates the Osaka Hai!
Kitasan Black Dominates
4th G1 Win
An overwhelming victory
where no one else came close!
The aura of a champion!
Upsy-diddly-doo...
Satono Diamond is building momentum
with her two G1 victories.
And Kitasan Black has uncontested
credentials with four G1 wins.
The two horse girls considered
to be the strongest around
will be clashing once again
at the Spring Tennoushou!
After Satono Diamond won at the Arima Kinen,
will Kitasan Black be able to get revenge?
Or will Satono Diamond's brilliance
be too bright to compare?
Could we even see an upset by a dark horse?!
No matter what, see the Spring Tennoushou!
All eyes will be locked
on the Spring Tennoushou!
Kita-chan...
Are you up?
Are you going somewhere?
Let's go on a trip, Dia-chan.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Fuchu Station
Episode 9
Pushed by the Approaching Heat
Snacks, check!
Drinks, check!
Tickets, check!
18km Young Rider Ticket
All set and ready to go!
Okay, Dia-chan, where should we go?
You didn't pick somewhere yet?
I haven't! Should we go to the
mountains? Or maybe the beach?
I think I like the mountains!
I'd like to see the ocean.
Then let's play rock-paper-scissors for it!
Okay.
Rock, paper, scissors!
To the beach it is.
Okay, off to the ocean we go!
Off we go!
We haven't gone out like
this in a long time, huh?
Look, the racecourse!
Here
There it is.
We're heading out!
Whatcha doing?
I was wondering which
beach we should visit...
Don't look it up!
But wouldn't it be easier
to have a goal in mind?
It'll be fine! As long as we're together,
we'll have a good time.
And if I'm with you, I feel
like I could go anywhere!
Kita-chan...
Okay!
Then if we're not sure where to go next,
let's play rock-paper-scissors again.
Yeah!
Here we are!
Now, where should we go next?
I think I'll pick this.
I pick this, then!
Hokkaido
Rock, paper, scissors!
Come on, let's go!
We've come pretty far, huh?
Yeah.
Where to next?
Here!
Isumi Lighthouse
This is it!
Wow...
It's like you can see the whole planet.
Yeah. It's beautiful.
I don't think I've ever seen
a view like this before.
Yeah. Me neither.
Thanks for coming with me today, Dia-chan.
You're welcome. It's been so long... I'm glad
we got to go on a trip like this again.
So... you had something you
wanted to talk about, right?
Yeah.
I... y'know, I...
I want to make everyone smile.
Everyone who's been rooting for me all this
time. Everyone who's been looking out for me.
The people who loudly encourage me.
The people who clap hard for me...
Everyone I've disappointed.
The ones who entrust me with
their dreams, in spite of that.
People who don't even know me.
Even people who are going to a
racecourse for the first time.
I want them hyped up, excited, and smiling.
I want my running to do that.
So...
I'm not going to lose again.
I'm going to beat you at the
Spring Tennoushou, Satono Diamond.
I wanted to be able to convey
the way I feel to you properly.
I see.
I have something I won't
compromise on, either.
I'm going to win the Spring Tennoushou,
and then start racing overseas.
So that I can achieve my dream of
winning the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Which is why...
I'll be the one who wins.
Then let's race.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
An unending spring sky is
above us for this battle...
Welcome to the Tokyo Racecourse!
The biggest race of spring, which has
made its mark on history,
and your memories, so many times...
This race, this single
competition for victory...
It's beginning soon. The Spring Tennoushou!
And it's fair to say
the spotlight will be on the battle
between Satono Diamond and Kitasan Black.
At the previous Arima Kinen, it was
Satono Diamond who came out on top.
That's true. And while we can look forward
to seeing them race in prime condition,
given that this is the Tennoushou,
I don't know if it's going
to be a simple one-on-one.
Correct you are.
And as for the racers looking to make their
presence felt in this duel between greats...
Cheval Grand, who got third place
at the Japan Cup and previous Spring Tennoushou.
She's become tangibly
stronger in the past year.
This should be a really great race.
Then there's the Satsukishou winner, Divinity.
And the Grand Prix winner, All Haiyu.
Will Satono Diamond be able to leave
these powerful competitors behind?
She's felt a lot more solid
since winning the Arima Kinen.
It's fair to say she's the horse girl
with the most momentum right now.
Satono Diamond has made statements about
running in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Will she win this race and
set the stage for that?
And then we have Kitasan Black, who's
looking for revenge against Satono Diamond.
She may have lost at the Arima Kinen,
but those four G1 wins prove
she's a real contender.
Her chance at revenge should
make for a great race.
You can do it! You can do it, Kita-san!
Wishes
Get payback for the Arima Kinen!
A clash of the titans
at the Spring Tennoushou.
Takes you back, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Mejiro McQueen versus Tokai Teio...
The stage is set.
The track is turf, and
it's condition is good.
This battle to determine
the strongest horse girl...
The Spring Tennoushou is about to begin!
Victory so certain it was considered boring.
McQueen is running! She's running!
And she does it!
For the first time in history, someone has
won the Spring Tennoushou twice in a row,
Mejiro McQueen
and it's Mejiro McQueen!
A meteor glowing in the color of cherry blossoms
Sakura Laurel is moving up! There she goes!
Can she pass them?! She does!
The cherry blossom is here! And
it's in full bloom! Sakura Laurel!
Sakura Laurel
A golden vessel on a journey to glory
On the outside, we can see Maiden Charm!
But Gold Ship is in first place!
And Gold Ship crosses the goal!
Maiden Charm was just edged out by Gold Ship!
Gold Ship
Tennoushou (Spring)
The horse girls have all entered the
gate, but only one can emerge victorious.
It all comes down to this.
And they're off!
We're looking at a struggle
for first place already.
Tudor Garden is currently in the lead.
Kitasan Black is in second
after a good start!
And on the outside is Great
House, on the inside, Xbalanque,
along with Cheval Grand and Two-And-Lonely.
The other of our star competitors,
second-favored Satono Diamond, is
starting out in the middle of the pack.
Will this be her third G1 win
following the Arima Kinen?
She's starting out by observing
the shape of the race.
They're now rounding the fourth corner
and entering the first home stretch!
In first place, Tudor Garden is
still maintaining a big lead,
with Kitasan Black in second!
And they've just hit the first 1,000 meters
with a time of 58.3 seconds!
She's actually trying to
outrun Kitasan. But...
Right. Kitasan's not letting it distract
her and is maintaining a good position.
She's really acting like
a defending champion!
Tudor Garden is continuing
at a noticeably high pace!
Her lead looks to be about
six to seven lengths!
I'm not gonna get distracted.
I'm stronger than I was last year,
so I know I can catch up. And that
means focusing on my own running!
Tudor Garden rounds the second corner,
with Kitasan Black and Great House in pursuit.
Cheval Grand, Xbalanque,
and Satono Diamond are behind them.
This isn't the place to start the fight.
Right before the third corner...
The Kyoto hill.
That'll be when the race picks up.
Rounding the second corner,
the runners are moving across
the opposite side of the course.
Second place is Kitasan Black, with
Great House and Cheval Grand behind her!
Where will the sparks start to fly?
Satono Diamond is preserving
her strength in the middle.
And Tudor Garden is still on the run!
How far will she be able to go?
Now!
Oh, and Tudor Garden
slows down on the hill!
And without skipping a beat,
Satono Diamond starts moving up!
Tudor Garden's lead is starting to shrink...
And now Kitasan Black is in the lead!
And it looks like Satono Diamond is
moving up with the lead in her sights!
Easy... not yet...
These 17 horse girls are
faced with massive cheers!
I'll finish it in the straight—
like at the Arima Kinen!
And now they're going
around the final corner!
Kitasan Black is still in the lead!
She's got a two-length lead that
could mean a consecutive win!
It's on!
I am going to win!
And in the final straight,
they begin their last spurt!
Kitasan Black is in the lead! But Satono
Diamond is accelerating after her!
Cheval Grand is closing in as well!
Do it, Kitasan!
Leave 'em behind!
This is where I win it.
I'll catch up... and pass her!
R-Remarkable...
After running in front
for nearly 3,000 meters,
she's picked up her pace even further!
Go!
Her highly-trained body!
Her keenly-honed spirit!
Go!
And all of her diligent efforts!
They propel her across the ground,
as she leaves her pursuers behind!
Kitasan Black in the lead!
Kitasan Black barrels toward
the goal amid massive cheers!
Satono Diamond is looking to pass!
I don't want to lose! I have
to catch up! It's not over yet!
Come on, Dia-chan!
Kita...chan...
No one...
No one can catch up!
With absolutely no one able to reach
her position, she blazes onward in first!
Kitasan Black's running can only
be described as astonishing!
With 16 horse girls at her back,
she maintains a champion's dignity!
Kitasan Black crosses the goal!
Kitasan Black has won a second
consecutive Spring Tennoushou!
Not only has she followed up on her
previous performance, she has outdone it!
The Spring plaque returns
to the champion's possession!
The second place runner, Cheval Grand,
showed impressive acceleration!
And Satono Diamond ended up in third.
This race was considered
a clash of titans,
and Kitasan Black has done an incredible job
of avenging her loss at the Arima Kinen!
Hell yeah! That's my apprentice for you!
They both did great.
Yes.
And look at this!
The winning time was 3:12.5!
Time
Record
That's a new record!
A shocking accomplishment
that has stood the test of ten
years has finally been surpassed!
Kitasan Black has lived up to
her favored status with the fans,
and won her fifth G1 victory!
And with a new record to boot!
There's no doubt she's carved her
name into horse girl history!
She did it!
Are you kidding me?
That was a crazy race.
Her placing improved from last year.
That's a clear sign of growth.
You can be proud of how you ran.
Everyone's smiling... They're so happy.
From the third corner on, you were
in the lead the whole time.
From the opening, to the struggle
for positions, and the last spurt...
It was all perfect.
You really got me, Kita-chan.
Congratulations on your win.
Dia-chan... thank you.
You always run on ahead of me, showing me
sights that I've never seen before.
But...
I guess we're 1-1 now.
I'm not losing again.
I'm gonna get even stronger!
With you, Dia-chan...
I bet we could run on an even bigger stage.
Dia-chan, let's take our races...
And make everyone love them.
With the running we do from here on...
Let's get the entire world excited,
like they would be for a festival!
With you, Dia-chan, I can go anywhere.
Yeah!
Kitasan! Kitasan!
That's right. If the two of
us are together... I know it!
Yeah!
You were amazing!
Kitasan! Kitasan!
I'm positive!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm